##**Hamm, Christopher A. and James A. Fordyce 201X - Evolution** 

##Patterns of host plant utilization and diversification in the brush-footed butterflies

###Included in this deposit of data are the R script and R data file necessary to recreate the analyses presented in our paper. There is also a ip file with the raw data files should you wish to examine or manipulate in another program. 

###The files are:
	-Hamm_Fordyce_data_1.R	This is the main data file that contains all of the objects needed or generated for our analysis. Note that the BAMM analysis was conducted in the terminal with the commands listed at the bottom of this README. 
	-Hamm_Fordyce_Dryadcode	This is the file that contains all the R code we used to generate the analyses and figures in our paper.
	-Hamm_Fordyce_Dryad.zip	This is a .zip file containing all the raw input files used in the analysis. These are the same data that are in the .R data file, just in individual form. There are **seven files** in this .zip.
		-Wahl_Beast_New4.tre	This is the ultrametric tree from Wahlberg et al. 2009 (many thanks to Niklas for providing it to us).
		-Nym_covariates_2.csv	This is the list of host plant families used by each butterfly genus and the number of species in each of those genera. 
		-Nym_host_raw.csv	The raw data for host plant use and the reference we found that record in.
		-prior_probs.txt	The prior probability file generated by BAMMtools for our tree.
		-Nym_cont_1.txt	The BAMM control file used for that analysis.
		-event_data.txt	Output from the BAMM analysis.
		-mcmc_out.txt	Output from the BAMM analysis.
		-outfile.txt	Output from the BAMM analysis.
		-run_info.txt	Output from the BAMM analysis.
		-event_data.txt	Output from the BAMM analysis.

I ran BAMM with the following code:
./bamm -c Nym_cont_1.txt